Feature Implementation--

For new feature implementation, I decided to work with user profile management. This feature allows the users to update their personal information such as email, username, etc to enhance and personalize their profile to have control over their data. This feature was implemented mainly through main.py and database.py, along with files such as user_models, user_routes, user_schemas, and many more. The purpose of this feature was to provide users with the ability to be able to modify and customize their personal information and be able to edit their nicknames, email addresses, and any additional data. It improves the user experience and allows users to save their personal information and change it when needed. This feature allows users to be able to update their profile through a PUT request, only if they are authenticated. In order to use this feature, the user has to send a PUT request to /users/{user_id} then the request body will include an area where emails and usernames can be updated, and it must be able to pass authentication. Once the steps are completed, the system will respond with a status code of either 200 for failure, 403 for unauthorized, or 400 for bad requests. This feature was configured with FastAPI in which the endpoint /users/{user_id} was used to protect authentication. This feature ensures that if a user is not admin or unauthorized, it will an error message and prevent making changes. The main files used for this feature configuration were main.py, database.py, models and schemas folder, as well as test_users_api.py mainly to run test cases to run the feature. 